So what we might do to add a try catch statements to this generator is and try and study here and then
we'll add a catch just like that.
And then after that I basically take my yield and then put it inside here and we'll do second equals
and then whatever I said it to and then after that we'll just do let second like so.
And then inside of here I'm going to sit second to six and then fix this.
So it kind of looks nicer and last but not least after I throw this error I'm going to do a con. log
it or Raider dot next and I'll do five.
Like so now whenever I say there's some pretty interesting happens so we call our first.
Next which means we get this yield statement and so we return a 1 value and then we get to the assignment.
Whenever I call the next again in this case we set the value of our yield statements of 4.
And remember we stopped before the assignment the execution completely stopped.
So we're assigning 4 to first and then after that there's no yield statement so we managed to initialize
our variable and then we get to this try statement right here and we hit this yield right here.
Now this yield successfully executes.
So we get to actually yield the first variable which was four plus two which gives a 6.
After that however the execution stops we don't get to this assignment right here we never get to assign
anything.
And the next time we invoke the iterator we invoke it with the throw method right here.
And so in other words we stop at the assignment right here and before we get a chance to assign anything
we throw this error.
So in other words we immediately hopped to this catch statement right here.
Before we assign anything.
So now the variable second is equal to six.
And then of course the next time we execute we throw we throw in a five right here.
And so we get yield second plus three which in this case would do nothing.
We just said it equal to 9.
So this is something pretty interesting right here because it allows us to control the flow of execution
inside of our generator functions.
Now we can use next and potentially pass in an argument or we can use throw.
You can kind of think of them both as instructions.
Next tells our generator to continue executing until you hit another yield potentially with a value
being passed to it and then throw tells your code to execute.
Up until it throws an error and then anything after that point depends on what you have inside of your
code.
So the throw is just telling your generator function to continue executing by producing an error and
then whatever happens after you produce that error.
Depends on the code that you have inside of your generator function both of which are useful.